docs/faq.md, before:

# FAQ

## Can I install multiple services on one server?

Yes you can! As long as your server has enough hardware available.

## How does Symnix charge me?

Our pricing model is open and transparent. You pay the price you see without hidden costs.

## Where can I deploy my services?

You can deploy your services anywhere as long as you have access to the server and the server is reachable from the internet. It doesn't matter if it's a VM in the cloud or even your own server at home.

## You have not listed the service I need.

If we don't have the service you need listed yet, you are welcome to use [our template ⧉](https://github.com/symnixhq/portal/issues/new?assignees=xFuture603&labels=new-service&projects=&template=service-deployment.yml&title=Make+%5BSERVICE%5D+ready+for+Deployment) to create new services, or contact us via email if you don't have a GitHub account.

## Where do you store my data?

Symnix stores your account data in the EU in Germany, protected by some of the strictest privacy laws in the world. You can visit our [Privacy policy site ⧉](https://symnix.com/privacy) to learn more about this topic. Your application data is hosted on your own server, in the country or city which you have selected when deploying your server.

## What happens with my services if I unsubscribe?

We're sorry to see you go. Nevertheless, all services will remain deployed on your host in the same version as you deployed them with your active subscription. However, you cannot deploy new versions of your services or make changes via the Symnix application. We will forget all credentials to your system as soon as you unsubscribe.

## Where can I view upcoming features?

As part of our transparent strategy, we have created a [roadmap ⧉](https://symnix.com/about#roadmap) where we share planned features. Of course, customers can also influence this feature list and its priority to deliver a product that fits best.

## Can't find the answer you're looking for?

Reach out to our [developer team ⧉](mailto:hello@symnix.com?subject=I%20have%20a%20Symnix%20Question) to get in touch.

Commit message:

docs: added supported operating systems to faq and started to fill out the index.md

docs/faq.md, after:

# FAQ

## Can I install multiple services on one server?

Yes you can! As long as your server has enough hardware available.

## How does Symnix charge me?

Our pricing model is open and transparent. You pay the price you see without hidden costs.

## Which operating systems do you support?

We currently support Ubuntu 22.04 and 24.04, Debian 11 and 12 and Rocky Linux 9. Other operating systems may also work, but are not currently being tested.

## Where can I deploy my services?

You can deploy your services anywhere as long as you have access to the server and the server is reachable from the internet. It doesn't matter if it's a VM in the cloud or even your own server at home.

## You have not listed the service I need.

If we don't have the service you need listed yet, you are welcome to use [our template ⧉](https://github.com/symnixhq/portal/issues/new?assignees=xFuture603&labels=new-service&projects=&template=service-deployment.yml&title=Make+%5BSERVICE%5D+ready+for+Deployment) to create new services, or contact us via email if you don't have a GitHub account.

## Where do you store my data?

Symnix stores your account data in the EU in Germany, protected by some of the strictest privacy laws in the world. You can visit our [Privacy policy site ⧉](https://symnix.com/privacy) to learn more about this topic. Your application data is hosted on your own server, in the country or city which you have selected when deploying your server.

## What happens with my services if I unsubscribe?

We're sorry to see you go. Nevertheless, all services will remain deployed on your host in the same version as you deployed them with your active subscription. However, you cannot deploy new versions of your services or make changes via the Symnix application.

## Where can I view upcoming features?

As part of our transparent strategy, we have created a [roadmap ⧉](https://symnix.com/about#roadmap) where we share planned features. Of course, customers can also influence this feature list and its priority to deliver a product that fits best.

## Can't find the answer you're looking for?

Reach out to our [developer team ⧉](mailto:hello@symnix.com?subject=I%20have%20a%20Symnix%20Question) to get in touch.
